# Lesson 00
2)I think the lessons I have in mind would be appropriate for any highschool, and maybe even middle school, student's first computer science class centered around written code.

Although as a class we would probably learn about errors and debugging naturally as the course went on, I feel like it would probably be good to devote at least one lesson to talking about errors. More specifically, the goal of this lesson would be for students to identify and differentiate between three types of programming errors; compilation errors, runtime errors, and logical errors. This lesson would probably come after both arrays/lists and loops have been introduced, as arrays can be a common cause of runtime errors and loops can be a common cause of logical errors. In a sense, this lesson could also serve as a refresher/review of both concepts. I'm unsure if this would be able to fit in this one lesson or if it would necessitate its own, but it would also be a good place for a class discussion of what errors students have noticed come up in their programming experience so far, and what has been their ways of dealing with them.

There are a lot of methods that could potentially be employed for such a lesson. For example, this could potentially include live coding to demonstrate what different errors in a program might look like when run. Students could have scaffolded but error-prone code as an activity where they have to work on both identifying and fixing errors in the code they've been presented. I've also thought of a potential group activity where each student has a chance to write, sabotage, and debug code given to them by other members of their group.
