My pair programming framework is road tripping. It has similarities to rally racing in the sense that it can be compared to having a driver and a navigator but it has a very different vibe to it. A  road trip is something that pretty much anyone can do if they have the time and the patience and I feel like that might make it more approachable because that is also similar to computer science.  anyone can learn and develop their  computer science skills and I think that might help students buy into the idea. There's also this sort of more relaxed, more chill vibe to a road trip where it's not just about the destination but also the journey to the destination. I feel like that is another  place where this analogy makes sense. because truth be told, one could just program something on their own the same way that people can do road trips on their own. However, having someone along with you on a road trip makes it a different experience and benefits both parties. the driver can focus on the act of driving without needing to manage too many other tasks. This helps make driving as smooth As possible and helps prevent stress. The Navigator, or whoever might be riding shotgun,  can help out by doing various things like seeing what route has more traffic than others or seeing where good rest stops or food locations are or keeping in mind things like weather. in the olden days they might even literally have a map with them that they're using to navigate like in the days of MapQuest. in this sense the navigator in a road trip helps plan things out and similarly impaired programming they help plan out what the shape of the code, the process behind the programming will look like.  I think that this framework also makes swapping make more sense, as it can be seen as giving the driver of a road trip a break (although this is not to say that the driver of pair programming is doing all of the work). Admittedly,  I will say that it falls apart a bit in the sense that whereas pair programming,  at least in classrooms,  might be for shorter assignments a road trip does kind of imply something that takes a long long time.
